feat: added ignoreCassetteRequestBody option (#352)
blackflux/lambda-tdd: README.md

Folder containing nock recordings.

### ignoreCassetteRequestBody

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

> When set to true, request bodies are not required to match for tests cassettes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to true, request bodies are not required to match test's cassettes.
```
